there was one time in the marine corps when I was made in charge of one
of the classes Cole I was the same rank of everybody else in the class
all I'd be a bit of E. three which is a PSC in the marine corps
and some of them were still privates you but I was basically the same
way but I was tall and so they may be charge and so one of the things
I was supposed to do in charges after we had finished our session
late in the afternoon I was to March the people it shall we get showered
then everybody would go back more come back to the classroom
to finish your evening classes alone who marched over together and
it was important that you March over in the formation a state information
and when you got there then you broke formation in that everybody
would run to try to get the child life one day we came back in the
ring two or three other classes were being marched out along with
mine and they broke out of formation before they were dismissed and
ran to the challenge and my guys start to break out of my formation
and I turned around in a blind rage that still amazes me to this day
and I screamed at them get back after Lancs and they did it's amazing
ability to and then I just miss them when they random word to back
in line because these other guys who broke well somebody reported
that incident to the breaking and running in the Chow line to the her
people in charge the marines were in charge at the classes and they
punished every unit for doing that and I went to them and said my
gosh not break ranks they did not lead breaks until I dismissed and
you can ask everybody in the whole tell you we do break ranks and the
people in charge said well the report we got was everybody broke
ranks and they did note that you didn't break ranks in your group so
we're punishing everybody gather and I said well I'm going to resign
my leadership that because that's not right and a yawn let my troops
death and like the the senior sergeant called me aside and said don't
do that don't do that your troops soon though you you did your
best and they will stick with you and yet there's no way I can overturn
the senior people who boarded that we punish all so that's a time
when I I really sought to bring or did the wrong thing they should
have done a better investigation and said everybody's unit except Davis
gets punished his didn't break ranks may get from the challenge